
{"Nick_James":"A powerful and ancient midget with too much time on his hands","MagocraticGuardBarracks":"Despite the name, these large barracks are where the entirety of the mercenary forces are stationed. You share your large, cylindrical rooms with 3 other mercenaries at any given time. Each room is equipped with a small central living area and compact sleeping quarters carved into the walls, accessible via ladders and stairs. These barracks also contain the Medical Headquarters where a mix of clergymen and worshippers tend to injured or sick denizens of the fortress. In terms of the West Marches, these are your personal quarters. As you level up and receive promotions, you will have the opportunity to update your living quarters and potentially even upgrade into personal Strongholds as per the Strongholds and Followers rules.","Harbour":" A rudimentary harbour is being added onto the fortress, shipments of new equipment, items and personnel will arrive through this harbour as the campaign goes on, and it is from here that you will also be able to, eventually, arrange travel back to the main continents of Elror in order to pursue leads and extend your influence beyond Nasi.","StoneMonument":"This ancient henge is set into a small basin beyond the thick, choked woods that lie beyond the coastal planes surrounding Monarch’s Pride. Scouts, both magical and mundane cannot seem to find their way past it, becoming confused and disoriented in the mists that choke the island beyond the edge of this forest, always being led back towards these ancient, rune-marked stones and their unknown origin. The Magocratic council is asking for a team of mercenaries to escort a Divination Savant to the henge in order to ascertain its purpose, as the location is shrouded by obscuring magic from long distance divination attempts, as they believe the henge to have something to do with their difficulties in exploring the island beyond.","RuinedTower":"Approximately 350 years ago, at the height of the Draco-Wars, the tower of a well-known Tanamhuuan Entropomancer disappeared in an explosion of arcane energy, killing dozens in the city, days before the Wyrm Emperor and his Dragon Flights assaulted the city, desolating it and leaving it nothing but a dragon-glassed, lifeless wasteland. It was long thought that either Eumann The Entropy Shepherd was in league with the Wyrm Emperor, or he had been targetted in some sort of arcane attack by Atosh the Warlock, still the right hand of the powerful magus.\n\nHowever, this tower that has been spotted, partially sunken into a crevace, matches the descriptions of the ancient tower from so long ago. The Magocratic College’s Conjuration Department is looking for a team of mercenaries to scout the tower in order to try and uncover how the destroyed spire ended up here","Obelisks":"These three enormous stone obelisks are the one break in the fog, leading to a desert valley of dead earth and red soil beyond. All scouts sent close to this location have disappeared, never to be seen again, and those that have observed it from a distance report strange figures moving in the mist about the edges of the obelisks. The Elrori Federation Council wants scouts to get eyes on whatever this figures are and figure out why the mist breaks at this point, but they are advised not to engage, as veteran Crusaders have fallen victim to whatever dark beings occupy these ruins.","Wasteland":"Beginning recruits have been explicitly forbidden by superior officers from approaching this location, and no intel has been given to the ground troops about it except the orders to not cross the bridge leading to the ruined buildings and the desolate wastes surrounding it, describing it as a suicide mission.\n\nBut that doesn’t necessarily mean you couldn’t…..","AllHammerForge":"This forge is staffed and provided by the dwarves of Solsabekkr and the Solsabekkiri Lords. It is an enormous, spartan building of iron and stone with three great chimneys emerging from the roof. Inside is a bustling forge of blistering heat, this is where the mix of mercenary forces, Magocratic Guard, Greywolf Crusaders and the rest receive their gear. The Dwarves are just beginning their forging and as the campaign goes on, higher and higher quality gear will be available for requisition.","ForestDragon":"A gargantuan dune coloured dragon resides in the petrified forest. It seems to breathe sand hot enough to create wyrmglass","SinnersWail":"Crystalline creatures which reside in the desert. They have three legs and a tail and seem to dwell within the sand. They have a crystalline exoskeleton which almost resembles dragonglass, which seems to give resistance to physical damage. They are able to shatter this exoskeleton to cause harm to those around them. The sinner's wail contains some amount of essence from its victims, which it drains when they are killed. So far only spotted near the Ruined Tower.","linguistic_theory":"Guts talks about this endlessly.","BoneHenge":"A tall humanoid stone figure with four arms, clutching a staff. It is surrounded by a henge of dragon bones, with a dragon skull at the centre. There is a door in the centre of the plinth. Opening the door awakens the humanoid, which is a Sentinel of the Undying Emperor.","":"BalthazarRunes In lack of light, where last is true, once more return to form \nUsurpers' thrones left bare, in mourning lies are shorn \nIn fires light, those true of sight shall witness visage true \nWhen heretic sin is lost to wind and dust, his kingdom born anew \nUnseeing eyes, and end of life, still call from distant shores\nThe one last king, the monarch true, shall be crowned Lord Balthazar","Drigginoth":"Drigginoth the Vile is a maw demon who possessed Bingrid Thunderbone on his journey to the Ruined Tower. He enjoys feasting on small mammals and would very much like to return to the hellmouth. Can be placated with mammal-flavoured ale. The younger the better. Younger mammals, that is.","BalthazarRunes":"In lack of light, where last is true, once more return to form \nUsurpers' thrones left bare, in mourning lies are shorn \nIn fires light, those true of sight shall witness visage true \nWhen heretic sin is lost to wind and dust, his kingdom born anew \nUnseeing eyes, and end of life, still call from distant shores\nThe one last king, the monarch true, shall be crowned Lord Balthazar"}
